br: update some faq from oncall (#5411)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-faq.md

To get the `commitTs` field of the last BR backup, run the `kubectl -n ${namespace} get bk ${name}` command using kubectl. You can use the content of this field as `--lastbackupts`.

> ## How does BR backupTS convert to Unix time?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can I convert BR backupTS to Unix time?
```
